# Week of March 30th

**Week in Review:** Pretty bummed I didn't get taxes done in time. Will have to file an extension. Clearly, was on me and my "lol taxes" attitude about it. Have a new system with a binder in mind for 2015's paperwork, to gather it as we go. Work-wise, things went pretty well, but eager to get some extra velocity this week. Had viral pleuritis at end of week, so Thursday was a wash. Went to Yosemite over the weekend. Incredible couple days away from everything.

* * *


#### This week's focus: finish taxes

## Things I'll Do This Week

- [ ] Fill out tax paper forms.
  - [X] calculate total expenses for PB over year.
  - [ ] Sign form and get back to Joshua.
  - [ ] go through papers, see what's left
  - [X] Get W2 from PHP for S
- [ ] Clarify next steps for PB. What to work on for current version? What to work on for PB04?
- [ ] ping Peter Cooper about Ignite talk - women/female talk
  - [ ] write draft, make flow chart
  - [ ] find tweet about aliens
- [X] Post on blog about Make Breakfast?
- [ ] Post on blog about friends with families picnic - April 12th
- [ ] Email to 0. Currently ~~54~~ ~~16~~ ~~28~~ ~~16~~ ~~24~~ 12.
- [X] Talk proposal: CSS Dev Conf - http://2015.cssdevconf.com/speaking/ (April 5th due date)


## Things I Did This Week That Weren't On My "Do This Week" List :(

- [X] Got IFTTT socks request on list for AJ
- [X] signed out of Twitter for much of the week and saw productivity soar!
- [X] Braintree re-integration with PB
- [X] wrote up docs for "if Charlie dies" for PB with some input
- [X] got R access to Braintree for processing refunds
